well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so today we're going to talk about what
president donald j
trump didn't say
yesterday because everybody was talking
about what he did
and what he did say doesn't matter not
really
he said something to the effect of we
need to get rid of the ballots talking
about melon ballots or something
and everybody feigned surprise
that's not shocking it's not surprising
he's a modern republican yeah he wants
to suppress the vote
that's like their thing the only thing
they like suppressing more than the vote
is suppressing poor people
what he didn't say what he wouldn't
commit to
that's what matters because he said that
when he was asked another question
he was asked directly if he would commit
to making sure there was a
peaceful transferal of power
and he wouldn't he wouldn't make that
commitment
he wasn't asked if he would accept the
election results
he wasn't asked if he would you know
avoid
taking it to court he wasn't asked if he
would
concede election night he was asked
if he would commit to a peaceful
transferal
of power and he wouldn't
that's shocking that's surprising that's
alarming
that's something everybody in the
country should be paying attention to
that lack of a commitment is more
important than any campaign promise
that needs to be weighing on everybody's
mind
if he won't commit to a peaceful
transferal of power
what makes you think he'll commit to it
in four years
what he wouldn't say what he wouldn't
commit to
is incredibly important it is more
important than any single issue
it is more important than party lines
the only way i know of to avoid
that concern is to make sure he loses
in a landslide that's what needs to
happen
it's incredibly important that it
happens
it was important for the nation's
soul before
it may be important to the nation's
security
he wouldn't commit to a peaceful
transferal
of power he refused to commit to that
when somebody tells you who they are
when they show you who they are
who they really are you better believe
them
and he just showed the entire country
who he is
i hope people are paying attention
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day